+++
abstract = "In this paper, we study the secrecy throughput in millimeter wave systems under slow fading channels considering multipath propagation. For the specific propagation characteristics of millimeter wave, we provide transmission scheme designs and a comprehensive secrecy performance analysis. Specifically, we maximize the secrecy throughput under a secrecy outage probability (SOP) constraint through a dynamic parameter transmission scheme, and provide the optimal solution to transmission parameters, including the codeword rate and the power allocation ratio of the information signal power to the total transmit power. We find that the secrecy performance of the millimeter wave system under investigation is significantly influenced by the relationship between spatially resolvable paths of the legitimate user and those of the eavesdropper, which differs from those wireless systems with statistically independent channel. Numerical results are provided to verify our theoretical analysis."
abstract_short = "In this paper, we study the secrecy throughput in millimeter wave systems under slow fading channels considering multipath propagation. For the specific propagation characteristics of millimeter wave, we provide transmission scheme designs and a comprehensive secrecy performance analysis. Specifically, we maximize the secrecy throughput under a secrecy outage probability (SOP) constraint through a dynamic parameter transmission scheme, and provide the optimal solution to transmission parameters, including the codeword rate and the power allocation ratio of the information signal power to the total transmit power. We find that the secrecy performance of the millimeter wave system under investigation is significantly influenced by the relationship between spatially resolvable paths of the legitimate user and those of the eavesdropper, which differs from those wireless systems with statistically independent channel. Numerical results are provided to verify our theoretical analysis."
authors = ["Y. Ju", "H. M. Wang", "T. X. Zheng", "Y. Zhang", "**Q. Yang**", "Q. Yin"]
date = "2016-09-01"
image_preview = ""
math = false
publication_short = "in *Proc. 2016 IEEE 27th Annual Int. Symp. Personal, Indoor and Mobile Radio Communications (PIMRC)*"
publication = "Proc. 2016 IEEE 27th Annual Int. Symp. Personal, Indoor and Mobile Radio Communications (PIMRC)"
publication_types = ["1"]
publication_details = "Valencia, Spain, Sep. 2016"
url_pdf = "http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/PIMRC.2016.7794721"
selected = false
title = "Secrecy throughput maximization for millimeter wave systems with artificial noise"


+++