+++
abstract = "In this paper, we study the benefits of full-duplex (FD) receiver jamming in enhancing the physical-layer security of a two-tier decentralized wireless network with each tier deployed with a large number of pairs of a single-antenna transmitter and a multi-antenna receiver. In the underlying tier, the transmitter sends unclassified information and the receiver works in the half-duplex (HD) mode receiving the desired signal. In the overlaid tier, the transmitter delivers confidential information in the presence of randomly located eavesdroppers, and the receiver works in the FD mode radiating jamming signals to confuse eavesdroppers and receiving the desired signal simultaneously. We provide a comprehensive performance analysis and network design under a stochastic geometry framework. Specifically, we consider the scenarios where each FD receiver uses single- and multi-antenna jamming, and analyze the connection probability and the secrecy outage probability of a typical FD receiver by deriving accurate expressions and more tractable approximations for the two probabilities. We also determine the optimal deployment density of the FD-mode tier to maximize the network-wide secrecy throughput subject to constraints including the given dual probabilities and the network-wide throughput of the HD-mode tier. Numerical results are demonstrated to verify our theoretical findings, and show that the network-wide secrecy throughput is significantly improved by properly deploying the FD-mode tier."
abstract_short = "In this paper, we study the benefits of full-duplex (FD) receiver jamming in enhancing the physical-layer security of a two-tier decentralized wireless network with each tier deployed with a large number of pairs of a single-antenna transmitter and a multi-antenna receiver. In the underlying tier, the transmitter sends unclassified information and the receiver works in the half-duplex (HD) mode receiving the desired signal. In the overlaid tier, the transmitter delivers confidential information in the presence of randomly located eavesdroppers, and the receiver works in the FD mode radiating jamming signals to confuse eavesdroppers and receiving the desired signal simultaneously. We provide a comprehensive performance analysis and network design under a stochastic geometry framework. Specifically, we consider the scenarios where each FD receiver uses single- and multi-antenna jamming, and analyze the connection probability and the secrecy outage probability of a typical FD receiver by deriving accurate expressions and more tractable approximations for the two probabilities. We also determine the optimal deployment density of the FD-mode tier to maximize the network-wide secrecy throughput subject to constraints including the given dual probabilities and the network-wide throughput of the HD-mode tier. Numerical results are demonstrated to verify our theoretical findings, and show that the network-wide secrecy throughput is significantly improved by properly deploying the FD-mode tier."
authors = ["T. X. Zheng", "H. M. Wang", "**Q. Yang**", "M. H. Lee"]
date = "2017-01-01"
image_preview = ""
math = false
publication_short = "*IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications*"
publication = "IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications"
publication_types = ["2"]
publication_details = "vol. 16, no. 1, pp. 278-292, Jan. 2017"
url_pdf = "http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TWC.2016.2622689"
selected = false
title = "Safeguarding decentralized wireless networks using full-duplex jamming receivers"


+++